# WWDC 2017 Student
### Feature & Tech

My Swift Playground focuses on the theme that Technology alone is not enough by designing seven visually interactive scenes with the help of both algorithms and deep observation on the five-year WWDC posters. On the whole, the creativity of the design comes from the deep look into the art characteristic of WWDC posters in each year. Taking the WWDC in 2013 for example, when you swipe up or down , the Apple will reflect on the other side as the poster close and open like a fan, which shows the beautiful symmetry of itself. Moreover, when you draw a clockwise arc in the 2015 page, the poster will rotate clockwise, and vise versa. It is worth mentioning that the logo of Apple Inc. stands out through the perfect combination of black, white and other colors, and the movement of camera smoothes the transition between the pages. 

As for the technologies I use in my playground, the SpriteKit is the essential foundation of the whole project.  Besides some basic operations such as rotating the sprite, detecting the collisions between different physical bodies and adding some demo gesture recognizers, I also implemented some interesting ideas. First of all, I implemented a custom gesture recognizer by myself. It is similar to the Long Press but it can give you different feedback based on the duration you press. In detail, in the 2016 WWDC page, the longer you press, the larger the angle of the rotation will be.  And if you don’t press for the minimum time, it will rotate back to the normal condition.  Besides,  in order to manage the codes properly, I used the state machine to enhance the project, which brings much convenience when debugging.  

Lastly, I designed a small game called Rotating the Pipe at the last page.  This game looks easy at the first sight, however, how to form the route with the least taps and how to assure that there is a solution for each pipe groups are good questions for young developers.  (For the first question, it would involve the greedy algorithms. ) Although It is not hard for a proficient developer to implement, I managed to reduce the time complexity after optimizing the code.  For instance, when I update the connecting pipes for a certain pipe, I do not need to make traversal of all the pipes but only check its surround pipes instead.  During the designing, I noticed that the young children could learn much from it. 

### Beyond WWDC

There is a company called ofo which has drew much attention in China. With focuses on sharing bikes, the company has turned riding ofo bikes after walking out of the subway station into a fashion of the people.  Its founder is the first one who put forward the idea that combines both sharing economics and intelligent hardware. However, it must be out of your expectation that he doesn’t major in computer science but management instead.    The success of the company shows that nowadays any interesting ideas can be realized with the help of computer science, which addresses the importance of sharing coding knowledge and enthusiasm for computer science with others as a developer. 

Just as the page in apple.com says, technology alone is not enough.  A good photographer would make his/her photos much more amazing if he/she could master the technology of image processing. A biologist would be able to mine the secret that might change the evolution of human-beings from myriad gene data with help of the data mining technology.  A economist might find the best cure for the recession by analyzing the indexes to the character of the economy.   It is the diverse application, I think, that leads to the fast development of computer science.  Moreover, as the computer hardware develops, large-scale calculation can be done, which leads to the big revolution in different industries. A developer who has proficient coding skills can be at the center of this revolution.  Sharing our coding knowledge with others might lead to the success of another business company. More importantly, I believe most of the developers don’t want to just be a software development engineer but a guy who can make the word better. 

Besides the importance of sharing coding knowledge with people from different industries, I think it is also necessary to share our enthusiasm for computer science with children. I still remember the experience as a volunteer teacher during my sophomore year.  At that time I only only gave guidance to the children about their homework but also taught them what I have learnt in my class. I could feel their strong interest with the algorithms from their expressions when they listened to my words.  A boy even told me that he dreamt to develop a program that could distinguish the bad guys from the pictures.  Children don’t need to acquire too much coding knowledge.  On the contrary, we can guide them into the world of coding and show them the beauty of the logic, algorithms and the theories, which is also the exact reason why I attach a small game to the end of the project.  

On the whole, I will keep making efforts to attract people surround me to join the community of coding by inspiring them with my enthusiasm for computer science.  Creativity comes from diversity.  As an old saying in my culture goes, two hands are better than one.  We need thousands of perspectives to make the world better.
